feat: release 2.14.0 (#2676)
apache/apisix-dashboard: CHANGELOG.md

- fix: page refresh causes deletion exception [#2593](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2593)
- fix: plugin_config missing on service exist [#2657](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2657)
- fix: ant-table unable to request [#2641](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2641)
- fix: change default CSP value [#2601](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2601)

### Test

- test: remove stale E2E cases [#2475](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2475)
- fix: cli test invalid etcd [#2544](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2544)
- feat: fix actions version to root version [#2521](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2521)
- test: reduce fe ci time [#2557](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2557)
- feat: set serverUrlMap with env, update cypress, update stylelint [#2583](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2583)
- Feat: add tip and preset model for plugin editor, improve e2e stability [#2581](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2581)

### Other

- feat: dashboard support windows [#2619](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2619)

> - feat: configure plug-ins to support this feature [#2647](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2647)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: configure eslint plugins to support format import and export [#2647](https://github.com/apache/apisix-dashboard/pull/2647)
```
